# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [active] [ref=e1]:
  - generic [ref=e2]:
    - main [ref=e3]:
      - navigation [ref=e4]:
        - generic [ref=e5]:
          - link [ref=e7] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /
            - img [ref=e8]
          - generic [ref=e14]:
            - generic [ref=e16]: Products
            - generic [ref=e18]: Solutions
            - generic [ref=e20]: Developers
            - generic [ref=e22]: Company
          - generic [ref=e24]:
            - link "Log in" [ref=e25] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://www.airwallex.com/app/login?region=row
            - link "See a demo" [ref=e26] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /see-demo
      - generic [ref=e30]:
        - generic [ref=e31]:
          - heading "The global payments and financial platform for growing businesses" [level=1] [ref=e32]:
            - generic [ref=e33]:
              - text: The global
              - strong [ref=e34]: payments
              - text: and
              - strong [ref=e35]: financial
              - text: platform for growing businesses
          - paragraph [ref=e37]: Over 150,000 companies around the world trust Airwallex to grow their revenue. Open global business accounts, accept payments, manage company spend, and much more - all on one unified platform.
          - link "Take a product tour" [ref=e38] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /explore-product
            - generic [ref=e39]:
              - text: Take a product tour
              - img [ref=e40]
          - generic [ref=e42]:
            - generic [ref=e43]:
              - textbox "What’s your business email?" [ref=e44]
              - button "Get started" [ref=e45] [cursor=pointer]:
                - generic [ref=e46]: Get started
            - generic [ref=e48]:
              - generic [ref=e49]:
                - checkbox "I consent to receiving marketing communications from Airwallex. I can unsubscribe any time." [checked]
                - img [ref=e50]
              - paragraph [ref=e54]: I consent to receiving marketing communications from Airwallex. I can unsubscribe any time.
        - generic [ref=e55]:
          - img [ref=e56]
          - img [ref=e67]
          - generic [ref=e126]:
            - button [ref=e127] [cursor=pointer]
            - button [ref=e128] [cursor=pointer]
            - button [ref=e129]
      - generic [ref=e134]:
        - img [ref=e136]
        - img [ref=e143]
        - img [ref=e168]
        - img [ref=e176]
        - img [ref=e188]
        - img [ref=e192]
        - img [ref=e195]
        - img [ref=e203]
      - generic [ref=e214]:
        - heading "Why Airwallex?" [level=2] [ref=e216]
        - heading "Powerful solutions engineered for global businesses" [level=2] [ref=e217]
        - paragraph [ref=e219]: Whether you're a global business looking to save time and money as you scale, or a forward-thinking platform or marketplace that's ready to build your own financial products, Airwallex's leading technology can help you get there.
        - generic [ref=e223]:
          - link "Business Accounts Streamline your payments and finances Learn more" [ref=e224] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /business-account
            - generic [ref=e225]:
              - heading "Business Accounts" [level=3] [ref=e226]:
                - img [ref=e228]
                - text: Business Accounts
              - generic [ref=e233]: Streamline your payments and finances
              - generic [ref=e235]:
                - text: Learn more
                - img [ref=e236]
            - img [ref=e242]
          - link "Spend Manage company spend, end-to-end Learn more" [ref=e506] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /spend-management
            - generic [ref=e507]:
              - heading "Spend" [level=3] [ref=e508]:
                - img [ref=e510]
                - text: Spend
              - generic [ref=e512]: Manage company spend, end-to-end
              - generic [ref=e514]:
                - text: Learn more
                - img [ref=e515]
            - img [ref=e521]
          - link "Payments Accept global payments like a local Learn more" [ref=e749] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /payments
            - generic [ref=e750]:
              - heading "Payments" [level=3] [ref=e751]:
                - img [ref=e753]
                - text: Payments
              - generic [ref=e756]: Accept global payments like a local
              - generic [ref=e758]:
                - text: Learn more
                - img [ref=e759]
            - img [ref=e765]
          - link "Platform APIs Build powerful financial solutions Learn more" [ref=e907] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /embedded-finance
            - generic [ref=e908]:
              - heading "Platform APIs" [level=3] [ref=e909]:
                - img [ref=e911]
                - text: Platform APIs
              - generic [ref=e913]: Build powerful financial solutions
              - generic [ref=e915]:
                - text: Learn more
                - img [ref=e916]
            - img [ref=e922]
      - generic [ref=e1002]:
        - generic [ref=e1004]:
          - heading "Your financial universe on one platform" [level=2] [ref=e1005]
          - paragraph [ref=e1006]: Software and APIs to manage everything from business accounts, spend, and payments to embedded finance.
        - generic [ref=e1014]:
          - generic [ref=e1016]:
            - button "Business Accounts" [ref=e1017]
            - button "Spend" [ref=e1018] [cursor=pointer]
            - button "Payments" [ref=e1019] [cursor=pointer]
            - button "Platform APIs" [ref=e1020] [cursor=pointer]
          - generic [ref=e1022]:
            - generic [ref=e1023]:
              - generic [ref=e1024]:
                - paragraph [ref=e1025]: Business Accounts
                - heading "A single account to manage your global payments and finances" [level=3] [ref=e1026]
              - button "Watch video" [ref=e1027] [cursor=pointer]:
                - text: Watch video
                - img [ref=e1028]
              - img [ref=e1033]
            - generic [ref=e1175]:
              - link "Global Accounts Open local currency accounts to receive funds in 20+ currencies Learn more" [ref=e1176] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /business-account/global-accounts
                - img [ref=e1178]
                - generic [ref=e1227]:
                  - paragraph [ref=e1228]: Global Accounts
                  - heading "Open local currency accounts to receive funds in 20+ currencies" [level=5] [ref=e1229]
                  - generic [ref=e1230]:
                    - text: Learn more
                    - img [ref=e1231]
              - link "FX & Transfers Make global transfers to 200+ countries at interbank rates Learn more" [ref=e1236] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /business-account/transfers
                - img [ref=e1238]
                - generic [ref=e1273]:
                  - paragraph [ref=e1274]: FX & Transfers
                  - heading "Make global transfers to 200+ countries at interbank rates" [level=5] [ref=e1275]
                  - generic [ref=e1276]:
                    - text: Learn more
                    - img [ref=e1277]
              - link "Corporate Cards Issue multi-currency corporate cards instantly Learn more" [ref=e1282] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /business-account/cards
                - img [ref=e1284]
                - generic [ref=e1334]:
                  - paragraph [ref=e1335]: Corporate Cards
                  - heading "Issue multi-currency corporate cards instantly" [level=5] [ref=e1336]
                  - generic [ref=e1337]:
                    - text: Learn more
                    - img [ref=e1338]
              - link "Integrations Connect Airwallex to other popular software platforms Learn more" [ref=e1343] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /integrations
                - img [ref=e1345]
                - generic [ref=e1366]:
                  - paragraph [ref=e1367]: Integrations
                  - heading "Connect Airwallex to other popular software platforms" [level=5] [ref=e1368]
                  - generic [ref=e1369]:
                    - text: Learn more
                    - img [ref=e1370]
      - generic [ref=e1379]:
        - heading "Gain a competitive edge with Airwallex" [level=2] [ref=e1380]
        - heading "Partner with a modern platform that removes friction and enables your business to realise its full potential. Wave goodbye to costly fees, slow outdated processes, and poor customer experiences. And, say hello to new opportunities, more revenue, and faster growth." [level=6] [ref=e1382]
      - generic [ref=e1387]:
        - heading "All you need to do business, locally and globally" [level=2] [ref=e1388]
        - paragraph [ref=e1390]: Avoid the pain of managing payments and finances across multiple disconnected software providers. With Airwallex, you get a single unified platform, engineered with all the powerful features you need to streamline and future proof your business growth.
        - link "Get started" [ref=e1392] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /signup
      - generic [ref=e1398]:
        - heading "Radically save time and cost every single day" [level=2] [ref=e1399]
        - paragraph [ref=e1401]: Experience remarkable speed and efficiency. Accept payments in local currencies, make high-speed transfers, and safeguard profits with like-for-like settlement, access to interbank FX rates, and no hidden charges on corporate expenses.
        - link "Get started" [ref=e1403] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /signup
      - generic [ref=e1409]:
        - heading "Automated workflows, enhanced by AI" [level=2] [ref=e1410]
        - paragraph [ref=e1412]: Speed up your cash flow cycle and eliminate time-consuming manual processes. Automate common workflows and save hours each week on bookkeeping and reconciliation when you connect Airwallex with your accounting software.
        - link "Get started" [ref=e1414] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /signup
      - generic [ref=e1419]:
        - generic [ref=e1420]:
          - heading "Tap into the world’s local payments network" [level=2] [ref=e1421]
          - paragraph [ref=e1423]: Airwallex’s proprietary local payments network offers you a faster, more cost-effective, and transparent alternative to legacy banking. Operate like a local business from anywhere in the world - open accounts with local bank details in minutes, accept payments in local currency to avoid costly forced conversion fees, hold funds in a multi-currency wallet, convert currencies at interbank rates, and make high-speed transfers around the world in a few clicks.
        - generic [ref=e1424]:
          - generic [ref=e1425]:
            - heading "60+" [level=2] [ref=e1426]
            - paragraph [ref=e1427]: countries where you can collect funds like a local
          - generic [ref=e1428]:
            - heading "120+" [level=2] [ref=e1429]
            - paragraph [ref=e1430]: countries to which you can make local transfers
          - generic [ref=e1431]:
            - heading "$200B+" [level=2] [ref=e1432]
            - paragraph [ref=e1433]: global payments processed annually
          - generic [ref=e1434]:
            - heading "180+" [level=2] [ref=e1435]
            - paragraph [ref=e1436]: countries from which you can accept payments
      - generic [ref=e1437]:
        - generic [ref=e1439]:
          - heading "Trusted by 150,000+ businesses" [level=2] [ref=e1440]
          - paragraph [ref=e1441]: Here’s what they say
        - generic [ref=e1442]:
          - generic [ref=e1443]:
            - generic [ref=e1444]:
              - generic [ref=e1447]:
                - img [ref=e1450]
                - paragraph [ref=e1452]: “Airwallex saves us $40,000 annually in collections costs from our sales on Amazon, which is the majority of our sales in the US market. It also allows us to ‘repurpose’ our international currencies. For example, if we sell in Europe we can pay European suppliers in euros as well.”
              - generic [ref=e1455]:
                - img [ref=e1458]
                - paragraph [ref=e1519]: “Airwallex has allowed us to get things done at ten times the speed it used to happen. It means we could spend more time on our brand, our website and the customer experience. That’s what helped us to grow so much in a short span of time.”
              - generic [ref=e1522]:
                - img [ref=e1525]
                - paragraph [ref=e1534]: “It is crazy to see that kind of technology...it's just one of those ideas where you think, why has this not been done before?”
              - generic [ref=e1537]:
                - img [ref=e1540]
                - paragraph [ref=e1548]: “Airwallex provides us with flexibility and cost savings in dealing internationally. We used Airwallex to receive our recent global fundraising round and pay international suppliers and are saving at least 5% per dollar transferred versus the big banks.”
              - generic [ref=e1551]:
                - img [ref=e1554]
                - paragraph [ref=e1561]: “Airwallex’s reputation and product speaks for itself. I see a long future in our partnership with Airwallex, as they’ve proved time and time again that they’re the right solution for Karst Stone Paper.”
              - generic [ref=e1564]:
                - img [ref=e1567]
                - paragraph [ref=e1590]: “We used to incur excessive international transaction fees when collecting online payments from our customers in overseas markets. With Airwallex, we've saved 80% in unnecessary conversion fees.”
            - generic [ref=e1591]:
              - generic [ref=e1594]:
                - img [ref=e1597]
                - paragraph [ref=e1599]: “Airwallex saves us $40,000 annually in collections costs from our sales on Amazon, which is the majority of our sales in the US market. It also allows us to ‘repurpose’ our international currencies. For example, if we sell in Europe we can pay European suppliers in euros as well.”
              - generic [ref=e1602]:
                - img [ref=e1605]
                - paragraph [ref=e1666]: “Airwallex has allowed us to get things done at ten times the speed it used to happen. It means we could spend more time on our brand, our website and the customer experience. That’s what helped us to grow so much in a short span of time.”
              - generic [ref=e1669]:
                - img [ref=e1672]
                - paragraph [ref=e1681]: “It is crazy to see that kind of technology...it's just one of those ideas where you think, why has this not been done before?”
              - generic [ref=e1684]:
                - img [ref=e1687]
                - paragraph [ref=e1695]: “Airwallex provides us with flexibility and cost savings in dealing internationally. We used Airwallex to receive our recent global fundraising round and pay international suppliers and are saving at least 5% per dollar transferred versus the big banks.”
              - generic [ref=e1698]:
                - img [ref=e1701]
                - paragraph [ref=e1708]: “Airwallex’s reputation and product speaks for itself. I see a long future in our partnership with Airwallex, as they’ve proved time and time again that they’re the right solution for Karst Stone Paper.”
              - generic [ref=e1711]:
                - img [ref=e1714]
                - paragraph [ref=e1737]: “We used to incur excessive international transaction fees when collecting online payments from our customers in overseas markets. With Airwallex, we've saved 80% in unnecessary conversion fees.”
          - generic [ref=e1738]:
            - generic [ref=e1739]:
              - generic [ref=e1742]:
                - img [ref=e1745]
                - paragraph [ref=e1750]: "\"Airwallex is an innovative fintech platform with a first-class customer support team. They transformed the previously painful process of creating corporate cards into something simple.\""
              - generic [ref=e1753]:
                - img [ref=e1756]
                - paragraph [ref=e1760]: "\"Airwallex is the perfect cross-border payments and FX partner to support our mission. Their strong technological infrastructure and dedicated engineering support team has allowed for a seamless integration process.\""
              - generic [ref=e1763]:
                - img [ref=e1766]
                - paragraph [ref=e1770]: “Airwallex has unlocked a much more efficient way of managing our money that we couldn’t do before. Our previous provider could not scale the way we needed it to. Now, our team is freed up to tackle the more important work on how ClipChamp expands globally.”
              - generic [ref=e1773]:
                - img [ref=e1776]
                - paragraph [ref=e1778]: “These small percentages here and there add up over time with a real bottom line impact. When I see the rates are good, I’ll convert my AUD into USD, knowing that I’ve saved money that I can re-invest into the business in the long-run.”
              - generic [ref=e1781]:
                - img [ref=e1784]
                - paragraph [ref=e2594]: "\"Global growth is essential in startups. Airwallex is a tech-oriented company with a strong API, competitive rates and a smooth platform. It offers us tailor-made financial operating solutions.\""
              - generic [ref=e2597]:
                - img [ref=e2600]
                - paragraph [ref=e2797]: “Before Airwallex, we had no idea when our payments were going to reach our suppliers. Using Airwallex instead of traditional banks has increased the speed of our overseas transfers and optimised our cashflow significantly. We've also saved up to 99% of our TT and FX fees.”
            - generic [ref=e2798]:
              - generic [ref=e2801]:
                - img [ref=e2804]
                - paragraph [ref=e2809]: "\"Airwallex is an innovative fintech platform with a first-class customer support team. They transformed the previously painful process of creating corporate cards into something simple.\""
              - generic [ref=e2812]:
                - img [ref=e2815]
                - paragraph [ref=e2819]: "\"Airwallex is the perfect cross-border payments and FX partner to support our mission. Their strong technological infrastructure and dedicated engineering support team has allowed for a seamless integration process.\""
              - generic [ref=e2822]:
                - img [ref=e2825]
                - paragraph [ref=e2829]: “Airwallex has unlocked a much more efficient way of managing our money that we couldn’t do before. Our previous provider could not scale the way we needed it to. Now, our team is freed up to tackle the more important work on how ClipChamp expands globally.”
              - generic [ref=e2832]:
                - img [ref=e2835]
                - paragraph [ref=e2837]: “These small percentages here and there add up over time with a real bottom line impact. When I see the rates are good, I’ll convert my AUD into USD, knowing that I’ve saved money that I can re-invest into the business in the long-run.”
              - generic [ref=e2840]:
                - img [ref=e2843]
                - paragraph [ref=e3653]: "\"Global growth is essential in startups. Airwallex is a tech-oriented company with a strong API, competitive rates and a smooth platform. It offers us tailor-made financial operating solutions.\""
              - generic [ref=e3656]:
                - img [ref=e3659]
                - paragraph [ref=e3856]: “Before Airwallex, we had no idea when our payments were going to reach our suppliers. Using Airwallex instead of traditional banks has increased the speed of our overseas transfers and optimised our cashflow significantly. We've also saved up to 99% of our TT and FX fees.”
      - generic [ref=e3860]:
        - heading "Create an Airwallex account today" [level=2] [ref=e3862]
        - generic [ref=e3864]:
          - generic [ref=e3865]:
            - textbox "What’s your business email?" [ref=e3866]
            - button "Get started" [ref=e3867] [cursor=pointer]:
              - generic [ref=e3868]: Get started
          - generic [ref=e3870]:
            - generic [ref=e3871]:
              - checkbox "I consent to receiving marketing communications from Airwallex. I can unsubscribe any time." [checked]
              - img [ref=e3872]
            - paragraph [ref=e3876]: I consent to receiving marketing communications from Airwallex. I can unsubscribe any time.
      - generic [ref=e3877]:
        - generic [ref=e3879]:
          - generic [ref=e3880]:
            - link [ref=e3881] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: ""
              - img [ref=e3882]
            - generic [ref=e3887]:
              - link "Apple Store Logo":
                - /url: https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id1537521807?pt=118914287&ct=corpsite&mt=8
              - link "Google Store Icon":
                - /url: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.airwallex&referrer=utm_source%3Dcorpsite
          - generic [ref=e3888]:
            - generic [ref=e3889]:
              - heading "Business Accounts" [level=5] [ref=e3890]
              - link "Business Accounts Overview" [ref=e3892] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /business-account
              - link "Global Accounts" [ref=e3894] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /business-account/global-accounts
              - link "FX & Transfers" [ref=e3896] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /business-account/transfers
            - generic [ref=e3897]:
              - heading "Spend" [level=5] [ref=e3898]
              - link "Spend Overview" [ref=e3900] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /spend-management
              - link "Corporate Cards" [ref=e3902] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /spend-management/cards
              - link "Expense Management" [ref=e3904] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /spend-management/expense-management
              - link "Bill Pay" [ref=e3906] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /spend-management/bill-pay
              - link "Purchase Orders" [ref=e3908] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /spend-management/purchase-orders
            - generic [ref=e3909]:
              - heading "Payments" [level=5] [ref=e3910]
              - link "Payments Overview" [ref=e3912] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /payments
              - link "Checkout" [ref=e3914] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /payments/checkout
              - link "Payment Plugins" [ref=e3916] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /payments/payment-plugins
              - link "Payment Links" [ref=e3918] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /payments/payment-links
            - generic [ref=e3919]:
              - heading "Platform APIs" [level=5] [ref=e3920]
              - link "Platform APIs and Embedded Finance Overview" [ref=e3922] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /platform-api-and-embedded-finance
              - link "Connected Accounts" [ref=e3924] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /platform-api-and-embedded-finance/connected-accounts
              - link "Accounts" [ref=e3926] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /platform-api-and-embedded-finance/accounts
              - link "Payments" [ref=e3928] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /platform-api-and-embedded-finance/payments
              - link "Transactional FX" [ref=e3930] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /platform-api-and-embedded-finance/transactional-fx
              - link "Payouts" [ref=e3932] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /platform-api-and-embedded-finance/payouts
              - link "Issuing" [ref=e3934] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /platform-api-and-embedded-finance/issuing
            - generic [ref=e3935]:
              - heading "Embedded Finance Use Cases" [level=5] [ref=e3936]
              - link "Banking as a Service" [ref=e3938] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /platform-api-and-embedded-finance/banking-as-a-service
              - link "Global Treasury" [ref=e3940] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /platform-api-and-embedded-finance/global-treasury
              - link "Payments for Platforms" [ref=e3942] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /platform-api-and-embedded-finance/payments-for-platforms
            - generic [ref=e3943]:
              - heading "Plans" [level=5] [ref=e3944]
              - link "Pricing" [ref=e3946] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /au/pricing
            - generic [ref=e3947]:
              - heading "Developers" [level=5] [ref=e3948]
              - link "Product Documentation" [ref=e3950] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.airwallex.com/docs
              - link "API Reference" [ref=e3952] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://www.airwallex.com/docs/api#/Introduction
            - generic [ref=e3953]:
              - heading "Company" [level=5] [ref=e3954]
              - link "Who we are" [ref=e3956] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /who-we-are
              - link "Operating principles" [ref=e3958] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /operating-principles
              - link "Terms & policies" [ref=e3960] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /terms
              - generic [ref=e3962] [cursor=pointer]: Cookie Preference Centre
              - link "Careers" [ref=e3964] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://careers.airwallex.com
              - link "Partnership program" [ref=e3966] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /partners
            - generic [ref=e3967]:
              - heading "Resources" [level=5] [ref=e3968]
              - link "Blog" [ref=e3970] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /blog
              - link "Newsroom" [ref=e3972] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /newsroom
              - link "FAQ" [ref=e3974] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://help.airwallex.com/
              - link "Support" [ref=e3976] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://help.airwallex.com/hc/en-gb/requests/new
          - button "Global Flag Global" [ref=e3978] [cursor=pointer]:
            - generic [ref=e3979]:
              - generic:
                - img "Global Flag"
              - generic [ref=e3980]: Global
            - img [ref=e3981]
        - generic [ref=e3987]:
          - paragraph [ref=e3988]:
            - text: © Airwallex 2025. All rights reserved.
            - link "Sitemap" [ref=e3989] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /sitemap
          - generic [ref=e3991]:
            - link "Facebook":
              - /url: https://facebook.com/airwallex
            - link "Twitter":
              - /url: https://twitter.com/airwallex
            - link "LinkedIn":
              - /url: https://linkedin.com/company/airwallex
        - generic [ref=e3994]:
          - paragraph [ref=e3995]: Airwallex meets the highest international security standards including PCI DSS, SOC1, and SOC2 compliance, in addition to our local regulatory requirements.
          - paragraph [ref=e3996]
          - paragraph [ref=e3997]:
            - text: We hold your money with leading global financial institutions. Your funds are always safeguarded in line with the local regulations where Airwallex operates. For more information on how we keep your funds safe, click
            - link "here" [ref=e3998] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://help.airwallex.com/hc/en-gb/articles/4404265644185-How-does-Airwallex-keep-my-money-safe
            - text: .
    - generic [ref=e3999]:
      - heading "Cookies on the Airwallex website" [level=3] [ref=e4000]
      - generic [ref=e4001]:
        - text: We use cookies to enhance your website experience at Airwallex. Visit our
        - link "cookie policy" [ref=e4002] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: https://www.airwallex.com/terms/cookie-policy
        - text: to learn more and manage your preferences at any time.
      - button "I accept" [ref=e4004] [cursor=pointer]
  - generic:
    - button "Close":
      - img
  - generic:
    - button "Close":
      - img
  - iframe [ref=e4006]:
    - generic [ref=f1e2]:
      - generic [ref=f1e4]:
        - generic [ref=f1e5]: 安全验证
        - generic:
          - img [ref=f1e8]
          - generic [ref=f1e13]: 返回
      - generic:
        - option
      - generic [ref=f1e14]:
        - generic [ref=f1e17]: 拖动下方滑块完成拼图
        - generic [ref=f1e22]:
          - img "feedback" [ref=f1e25] [cursor=pointer]
          - img "refresh" [ref=f1e28] [cursor=pointer]
```